This package lets you define parameters for configuration and settings. The difference
between configuration and settings is as follows. `Config` is for parameters that do not
change during runtime and are read from file. `Settings` are parameters that can change
programmatically during runtime and are read from and saved to file for persistancy over
sessions. During definition, they differ only in terms of the base classes that are used. 

The intended structure is that parameters are defined in section classes. Sections can be
nested. There should be one special root section for the application, referred to as the
container, that handles file storage. Config sections and Settings sections should never
be mixed (i.e., do not nest a Settings section in a Config section and vice versa).

## Defining non-container section(s)

A section is defined by subclassing the relevant base class (ConfigSectionBase for
config, SettingsSectionBase for settings) and decorating it with
`@dataclass(frozen=True)`. Parameters are defined as fields of the dataclass. For a 
dataclass, it is mandatory to add a type hint for each field. These type hints are used
also to validate the data that is read from the parameter file (because we are
using [pydantic dataclasses](https://docs.pydantic.dev/usage/dataclasses/)). If you
specify a default value as well, then you prevent the occurance of an exception if the
value for the parameter of concern is not found in the parameter file.

Nested sections are obtained by defining fields in a section that are type hinted with 
the appropriate contained section class(es) and instantiated (possible only when all
parameters of the nested section have default values).

## Defining the container

The container is a special section that is to be the root for parametrisation of an
application. It is defined likewise: by subclassing the relevant base class (ConfigBase
for config, SettingsBase for settings), decorating it with `@dataclass(frozen=True)`,
defining fields for parameters and nested non-root sections.

Note that albeit settings can be changed programmatically, we still set `frozen=True` for
the settings container and -sections (see also the example section below).

## Example

=== "Configuration"
    ```python
    from application_settings import (
        ConfigBase,
        ConfigSectionBase,
    )
    from pydantic.dataclasses import dataclass


    @dataclass(frozen=True)
    class MyExampleConfigSection(ConfigSectionBase):
        """Config section for an example"""

        field1: float = 0.5
        field2: int = 2


    @dataclass(frozen=True)
    class MyExampleConfig(ConfigBase):
        """Config for an example"""

        name: str = "nice example"
        section1: MyExampleConfigSection = MyExampleConfigSection()

    ```

=== "Settings"
    ```python
    from application_settings import (
        SettingsBase,
        SettingsSectionBase,
    )
    from pydantic.dataclasses import dataclass


    @dataclass(frozen=True)
    class BasicSettingsSection(SettingsSectionBase):
        """Settings section for the basics"""

        totals: int = 2


    @dataclass(frozen=True)
    class MyExampleSettings(SettingsBase):
        """Settings for an example"""

        name: str = "nice name"
        basics: BasicSettingsSection = BasicSettingsSection()

    ```
